README.md, before:

#  Community Fridge Management System

Website for the Community Fridge Management System. This website was built as a course project for [COMP 2406](https://calendar.carleton.ca/search/?P=COMP%202406) at Carleton University. 
The purpose of this website is to create a management system for community fridges that distribute food to those in need. It
can be used for both picking up and dropping off items. 

# Features

- View the list of available fridges
- View and pickup items in the selected fridge
- Edit information about the fridge 
- Add a new fridge
- Drop off a specific item into the one of the fridge
  + System gives specific suggestions based on which fridge has the lowest amount of selected item
- Create new items by specifying name, type and uploading a picture
- **Important:** Search function is currently **not** implemented.  


# Setup 

This application was built using **JavaScript ES6**, **HTML5**, **CSS**, and **Express.js**. Hence, to use, you need to
install **Node.js** and then use **npm** to install **Express.js**. Here are detailed instructions for 
you to follow: 
1. Install **Node.js** by downloading the installer from [**here**](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-emoji).
2. Clone this repository into a local folder on your machine use the following instruction in the terminal:
  ``` 
  git clone https://github.com/xxArchitect/community-fridge-system.git
  ```
3. Navigate into the <ins>community-fridge-system</ins> folder and run the following command to install dependencies:
  ``` 
  npm install
  ```
4. Run the following command to start server: 
  ``` 
  node server.js
  ```
5. Access the website at **http://localhost:8000**.

Commit message:

Add demos to README.md

README.md, after:

#  Community Fridge Management System

Website for the Community Fridge Management System. This website was built as a course project for [COMP 2406](https://calendar.carleton.ca/search/?P=COMP%202406) at Carleton University. 
The purpose of this website is to create a management system for community fridges that distribute food to those in need. It
can be used for both picking up and dropping off items. 

# Features

- View and pickup items in the selected fridge
- Edit information about the fridge 
- Add a new fridge
- Drop off a specific item into the one of the fridge
  + System gives specific suggestions based on which fridge has the lowest amount of selected item
- Create new items by specifying name, type and uploading a picture
- **Important:** Search function is currently **not** implemented.

# Demos

### Main page

![Main screen](https://i.imgur.com/FbsDVZQ.png)

--- 

## Viewing available fridges

![Fridge selection](https://i.imgur.com/skebIqb.png)

---

### View and pick up items from a fridge

![View and pick up items](https://i.imgur.com/ldHdOPM.png)

---

### Edit existing fridge

![Edit fridge](https://i.imgur.com/2Ta7lBL.png)

---

### Drop off an item to the fridge

![Dropp off an item to the fridge](https://i.imgur.com/VC1f2pH.png)

# Setup 

This application was built using **JavaScript ES6**, **HTML5**, **CSS**, and **Express.js**. Hence, to use, you need to
install **Node.js** and then use **npm** to install **Express.js**. Here are detailed instructions for 
you to follow: 
1. Install **Node.js** by downloading the installer from [**here**](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-emoji).
2. Clone this repository into a local folder on your machine use the following instruction in the terminal:
  ``` 
  git clone https://github.com/xxArchitect/community-fridge-system.git
  ```
3. Navigate into the <ins>community-fridge-system</ins> folder and run the following command to install dependencies:
  ``` 
  npm install
  ```
4. Run the following command to start server: 
  ``` 
  node server.js
  ```
5. Access the website at **http://localhost:8000**.
